In the past, there was a system of healing for those who were interested in the farming industry by making a distinction between the private and the public.
This system was also reflected in education.
In the past, there was a system of prohibiting practical education if you were to have a room.
However, with the passage of time, the evolution of practical education and its importance have finally become recognized by the public.
The development of practical education is consistent with the age.
The number of students who are currently receiving practical education has reached about 1.7 million.
This is a matter of course that the king cannot bear the thought of the king.
In the first place, the essence of practical education is simply to have a transfer of knowledge and intelligence.
At the same time as always combining self-reliance and actually providing education that is relevant to life,
the main focus is on the character of the person in the house.
It is more natural to think that this education is more and more relevant to life with self-reliance.
Let's take it as a matter of course that our practical education has contributed greatly to the progress of our country's industry by providing many good people with the best of the best in the past 50 years.
The recent development of our industry has led to the spread of education around the world.
Although the cause is more than the original, I do not doubt that there is a great effect on the performance of our practical education.
As a matter of fact, I have celebrated the 50th anniversary of practical education here.
It is important to consider the future of this education and to think about it in terms of self-reliance.
I do not wish to contribute to the development of practical education in the new perception of the public in this tree.
I do not wish to contribute to the interaction of our country's industry and the progress of the national army.